Welcome back this lesson we're going to be learning how to install some of the programs required to
use my school as well as some we're just going to be using in this lesson the first two we're going
to install our my ask itself so be my admin.
Fortunately we can get both of these in a single package called Zant.
If you go to the link provided you will come to this page.
We could sign and was Facebook or Google.
But Azziz is issues the alternative download which will take you to this page.
You'll quickly have a pop up which will ask you to sign up now click say we could watch their installation
video but I'll explain everything.
Now as you say this is downloading we're going to cut a little bit out here to save some time.
Now that it's all downloaded we just have to open a file and it'll ask us to run it.
You may get a little pop up that warns about possible slowing down of the installation due to an anti-virus
but it doesn't really have much of an effect.
So just click yes then you will click next.
And in here we don't really need most of these things we're just looking for my ask.
Well so we're going to check all these Remember we also want to get BHB madman.
We're going to click next and you can select the installation folder by default.
It's just cézanne don't have to click to learn anything more so what's.
Now you're ready to install packaging.
And once again we're going to cut to the end the.
One says loaded.
It'll take you to the finished page.
And yes we're going to go ahead and launch the control panel that will ask us to choose our language
and then you're going to see this easy to navigate panel.
Let's go ahead and start apache at my school.
That's it.
We actually have the prep work for a database already.
And not only that because we install BHP might mean we have a way to see it to PH.
My opinion simply go back to your browser and type localhost BHP my admin that'll bring you up to an
interface where you can see that we now have Manusky Rayle installed and some test databases that come
to on the system.
We're not going to go into actually using this just yet.
This is just the way to go.
We'll move on to the next thing.
If you're not using Windows then the installation instructions provided are ready.
They don't tell you all you need to know for example if you're on a Mac you can use the download location
I provided and pick one after downloading.
Just open the downloadable should be nice the same as I listed here.
Drag and drop the zent browser into your applications folder.
That's a complete installation and then to start Csound simply open the Zant control by going to slash
applications slash sale sign up in your control Haunter and from there you can start apache minuscule
paralytics.
Then you will need to use this location for download after downloading.
You're going to need to change your permission love the file so that it can be executed.
I provided the command to do that here and figure 2 way after that run the installer.
The command for that is in 3A.
Once it's running you can just follow the process to install.
It should be just like the Windows version.
After installation to start zone.
Enter sudo slash slash slash way up.
Start pedalo to everything should get you back where you are.
Video speaking of videos.
That's it for this one.
We'll continue our installation what they ask Cuil workbench Semitics Vidia.